----------------------------------------------
Name:           Dhara Moghariya
Student Number: 161449194
Email:          dmoghariya@myseneca.ca 
Section:        NAA
Date:		December 2, 2020
----------------------------------------------
Final Project
Reflection
---------------------------------------------- 

In this project, I have learned to integrate various modules to create an application with multiple features. 
Overall, I was able to review and implement most of the concepts that I learned in OOP244 class. Interface, 
abstract class and inheritance implementation was the most integral part of this project and it helped me 
improve my understanding of the concepts and provided with practical exposure. The most difficult part of 
the project was working with input, output and file io functions. Getting io functions right required a lot 
of debugging partly because the output of these functions had to match exactly to the output. Lastly, the project 
also included one template function. Copying and implementing this code helped me learn additional things 
about templates. For example, template functions should be written into header files and they cannot be 
separated into header and cpp files. In general, this project was a good practical example of getting oneself 
familiar with object-oriented concepts. 

In OOP244, my experience as great and I really learned a lot about advance C++ concepts that have improved 
my programming. Before the class, I had briefly read OOP concepts from the internet and the idea was extremely 
confusing, but after taking the course I was able to enhance my learning and expand my knowledge. I really liked 
the workshop and quizzes provided during the course. Examples in the GitHub repository is also improved the 
learning experience. 

I do not have a strong suggestion to improve the course structure. But if I had to improve one thing about the 
course, I would reduce the amount of IO workshops. I believe that there were more than 2 workshops that focused 
on the concept and I am not sure if the industry follows a similar pattern. I would rather have liked one 
database-oriented lab in the course. But apart from that, I would say that there is nothing that can be improved 
in the overall course structure. 